c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.exe.config
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.exe
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.exe
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\EntryManagement.exe
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\EntryManagementt.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\EntryManagementt.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\EntryManagement.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\LibUsbDotNet.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\DrHouse.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\DrHouse.Telnet.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\OKHOSTING.Core.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\OKHOSTING.Core.Net4.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\OKHOSTING.Core.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\OKHOSTING.Core.Net4.pdb
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\HidLibrary.dll
c:\users\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\HidLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Tomi\Source\Repos\AccessControlSystem\EntryManagement\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.exe.config
